Papiwebpage (#194)
nhsengland/datascience: docs/our_work/Papi_Webpage.md

> ---

Reviewer: in order for this project to be able to be found through navigation it needs to be added here: https://github.com/nhsengland/datascience/blob/main/mkdocs.yml, to both the current/past projects sections and also the work areas sections! see how its done for other projects in that doc

title: 'Risk stratification models for Population and Person Insights (PaPI)'
summary: 'To improve, and update the risk stratification models used in the Population and Person Insight (PaPI) dashboards.'
origin: 'NHS England'
tags: ['PAPI', 'PUBLIC', 'POPULATION HEALTH', 'MACHINE LEARNING', 'MODELLING', 'STRUCTURED', 'PYTHON']

> ---

Reviewer: try and only use the tags in the tables at the top: https://nhsengland.github.io/datascience/our_work/tags/ so both modelling, public, and papi would be excess here and papi specially is a bit too niche. If you could pick one tag from each of the categories at the top that would be great!

- The phase 4 focuses on fine-tuning the top two performing models from Phase 2 to achieve optimal performance. Hyperparameter optimization is conducted using stratified cross-validation and the best class balancing ratio (1:1 or 1:2) identified in earlier phases. The goal is to evaluate and quantify improvements in model performance due to optimization, ensuring the models are both accurate and efficient.

- The final Phase emphasizes model interpretability and explainability. SHAP (Shapley Additive Explanations) values are used to understand how features influence predictions, providing actionable insights. The best-performing model for each segment is selected based on performance metrics and explainability. This phase ensures that the models are not only accurate but also transparent, enabling informed decision-making.

## **Key Exploitable Results (KERs) & Benefits**

The Key Exploitable results of a project is an identified main interesting result, which has been selected and prioritized due to its high potential to be “exploited”. 

We have identified various KERS which can be useful to other teams, they are listed below:

> - **PaPI Ways of working:** (agile methods, environment, ethics, quality processes): Demonstrates how applying the QAF and other project management/coding best practices can help organize a project effectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **PaPI Ways of working:** (agile methods, environment, ethics, quality processes): Demonstrates how applying the Quality Assurance Framework and other project management/coding best practices can help organize a project effectively.
```
